Connection strings check rule (#6)
Njeriiii/azure-tools-for-java: PluginsAndFeatures/azure-toolkit-for-intellij/azure-intellij-plugin-azure-sdk/CONTRIBUTING.MD

### Configuring MS Application Insights

> - An Azure account with an active subscription.

Reviewer: With documents like this one, we usually point people to the documentation on what an Azure account is and how to create one. Take [this section](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/3c094f92df0026e169f9014a8e71af3ca724244f/sdk/keyvault/azure-security-keyvault-keys/README.md?plain=1#L55) of the Key Vault README, for example.

Author: done -- made contributing.md more extensive here https://github.com/Njeriiii/azure-tools-for-java/pull/7

#### 1. Generate the Instrumentation Key

> 

Reviewer 2: If you're going to have a heading for "Generate the Instrumentation Key" you should have some information under that heading. Even if you just provide a link to external documentation and say: "You can learn about generating the instrumentation key from [link here]", it would still be better than leaving an empty heading.

#### 2. Add the Instrumentation Key to the Application

> Add it to the `applicationinsights.json` file located in the `resources/META-INF` directory of the `azure-intellij-plugin-azure-sdk` project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the instrumentation key generated in the previous section to the `applicationinsights.json` file located in the `resources/META-INF` directory of the `azure-intellij-plugin-azure-sdk` project.
```

Author: will refer to this in telemetry PR
